we have roasted your worst setups our
best setups and everything in between
but today we're taking aim squarely at
those who have been Obsessed the most
over their computers excuse me computers
these computers have actually
transcended being workstations or gaming
computers today we're looking at Battle
Stations roasting the folks with the
most that is the most money and the most
pride in their computational Creations
yes oh yeah here we go oh no I don't
believe this photo not wanting to only
highlight those of you that have
remortgaged your house for RGB lighting
we'll also be looking at battle stations
that are priced down a little bit and
we'll be doing all of it from this
incredibly tiny battle station from red
magic huge thanks to Red magic for
sponsoring this video to show off their
new Nova gaming tablet its 144 HZ
display is fed frames by the new
Snapdragon 8 gen 3 leading version that
isn't just fast when you boot up a game
but continues to be fast thanks to this
sick cooling system on the back that
features a fan that spins it up to
20,000 RPM now I know you're thinking
that's probably hecking loud you got you
got this but even at Max Speed you can
barely hear it from the distance that
you hold a tablet as a bonus the fan
helps keep the tablet cool during fast
charging so you can get the most out of
the included 80 wat fast charger check
out the red magic Nova gaming tablet at
the link down below to start we're going
to be taking a look at the absolute best
battle station of all time as decided by
the community dual 75 in 4K TV Computing
what that chair does not look
comfortable this is the opposite of r/
TV too high bro is sitting on the floor
no actually the TV's mounted really low
but he's sitting on the floor this
probably is cross posted on like male
Living Spaces I was just going to say
this is that post that it's like it
doesn't take much to make a man happy
yeah there's no way that buddy is
reading text from that distance also did
clear a conference room to fill it with
his battle station what is this space
you know what this actually reminds me
of I made this setup 13 years AG oh my
gosh it's the same room like what is
this if his head is near the top of that
chair it's probably in line with around
the ergonomics of this are actually may
be somewhat okay other than the fact
that his feet are just permanently out
in front of him probably sits cross- leg
oh that's kind of sick actually all
right in second place the completely
reasonable apartment setup oh hell yes
that honestly just looks like some of
the employee setup reviews that we've
done I don't know what's better the full
ceiling height Rack or the slippers that
are just vibing there I like that he
spent so much money on that server rack
and so little on the monitors balance
out what you're spending your money on
this table is trashed here and then
their desktop speakers were like value
bin the top comment is great idea my
wife would love this this in the living
room yeah also the couch right next to
it are you really going to be enjoying
whatever it is you're doing on the couch
with a server rack next to you I was
going to say like you know you can put
your server Rack in like another room
like L but it's like no that's clearly
what they're into they want to work on
that they want to spend time on it I
think it's sick Windows mixed reality
ladies and gentlemen we found him the
one person who invested in a Windows
mixed reality headset all right you want
to look at the number one yes 68,000 up
votes over 7 years oh yeah yeah that's
the stuff I love it that's awesome
that's actually kind of sick this is
deserving of the number one spot you're
making it work do you think the ratchets
are holding the desk together or just
the hardware down I think they're
holding down the back of the monitor to
ensure that it doesn't just vibrate off
of that desk when he's driving and I
think they might also be holding the
table together although it's hard to say
plays truck Sim is the top comment
please don't do you think you could live
on the road if you had an amazing gaming
setup in a truck younger not married no
kids obviously 7 years ago no today with
starlink maybe maybe this is a sick
setup this is very good for you all
right here's a couple top up vaded ones
from this month it looks like a render I
am slightly suspicious of this being
real it's too perfect do you like any
color in your life by the way holy crap
it's really nice as long as nobody ever
touches it nobody ever uses it the thing
I don't like is that there's stuff in
this photo that is like placed but is
not usable in that position like that
switch can't be charged there that start
menu can't be touched there easily what
does it look like tomorrow the one thing
that I've got to take a bunch of points
off for here is the monitor lamp I
freaking hate them Andy I don't want to
talk about it right now our next one my
piece I like the the theme over the last
few years of people having separate
racing Sim setups instead of just like
temporarily bolting on the Wheel to your
own desk I do think it's better that way
if you're already going to go the mile
to like buy a seat and a wheel you might
as well just and if you've got the space
all that kind of stuff yeah for sure
damn look at that Chrome American flag I
suspect they made it themselves too
which is like pretty cool I think a lot
of what makes a good battle station is
the space that it's in so having the
windows with the trees right there adds
a lot of atmosphere I love that monitor
arm solution just clipping it to the
side of the desk that's really smart
what monor oh that monor arm I thought
you were talking about the monitor
sitting on top of a motherboard box oh
and I was like
okay that's a Katan box oh yeah In
fairness that's probably about the best
use of a Katan box who what what do you
have against Katan he's lost too many
times how dare you see through me like
that absolutely fantastic setup yeah all
right dark blade 420
wa this is awesome oh my my god oh I
love this those speakers are crazy those
are nuts on a computer setup those are
insane they have the huge Tower speakers
and they have the little ones right
beside it you can configure them in
stereo surround and so they'll just add
more sound volume yeah there's just a
lot going on here but nothing feels out
of place like I like the 3D printing
corner and from across from it there's
looks like a so solding iron so he has
enough table space to actually do
projects yeah he's got some retro
collection going on record player as
well sick you collect things but like
very Tastefully yeah set super cool here
oh you need a headphone holder 3D print
it get a head yeah literally print
yourself a headphone holder now a work
in progress forever I've never related
to a sentence more in my entire life
hold on did you buy two of those light
bars it doesn't look as bad to me
because it covers the entire monitor it
feels more integrated like proportional
color matching here is crazy the the
white to the wood and that almost
matching in every area is really cool I
love the separate 10 key should put on
the right side though I do think it
should go on the right side I love this
under desk mounted headphone amp that is
so cool I really like the wall of
succulents in the back it tells everyone
around you I'm a functioning human being
who can remember to put water in
something once in a while that's why I
don't have any now I know what at least
some of you are thinking those were
pretty nice setups but were they really
Battle Stations and you're not the only
one which is why the elitist of the
mostest Elite created their own
subreddit called ultimate battle
stations oh no sometimes these poor
folks even get made fun of for their
opulence with ramill saying I get [__]
for having more than three displays they
say it's
Overkill my goodness whoa now this is
what I'm talking about that's a battle
station okay well I'm not even mad at
the displays how many [__] keyboards
do you have this one feels to me like he
wants a monitor for each of his tasks
instead of realizing that uh you can
actually use monitors for multiple tasks
probably a Mac guy part of me wants to
think like is this a day trader that's
the only time I've seen monitor setups
like this that Mak sense the problem for
me though is they didn't go very
vertical In fairness if you're going to
go full opulence these days monitors not
that opulent you can get a 27in monitor
for like 40 50 bucks on Facebook
Marketplace these days the color
matching on them is horrendous to me so
you got your main gaming in the middle
Subway Surfers on the right Subway
Surfers on the left Minecraft Parkour on
the top left okay bottom left is Family
Guy
Clips top post ever on r/ ultimate
battle stations here we
go it's kind of gorgeous yeah very
staged though those headphones are not
plugged in that is like building the
cleanest computer and not having your
front iio hooked up W this is just sick
oh that's like a 42 in or a 48 in by the
way that's big on the side the wallpaper
is a great choice for that background
like overall the aesthetic is very
strong very clean why did these textured
wall panels go out of fashion I thought
they were super cool I think it's just
too many people did them so they became
kind of overdone and everyone's like I
don't I want to be unique brother in
Christ you have that monitor and then
you have a Logitech C920 it looks
comically small nice setup yeah it's
just clean there's not much to roast on
that other than the camera why don't we
have a look at some more practical
setups from r/ average Battle Stations
okay well wallpaper 10 out of 10 okay
this is a little more average than I was
expecting that uh that power strip on
the floor brother if the button is up
and your feet are coming down you're
going to have a bad time oh yeah this is
cute this is nice this is yeah I really
like you know you don't have the biggest
desk you want two monitors you have one
just hang over the side very cool yeah
you make it work right yeah yeah oh not
the dental pick oh that's the only thing
worse than the nail clipper for me you
know those are disposable right this
post I'd like to think it's at least
average I predict that Luke is going to
be ripping on this guy for only having
one Monitor and daring to call this a
battle station everyone deserves a
second monitor you can get them for $10
sell me on two monitors if I'm someone
who only has one once you have two
monitors I feel like it's difficult to
go back because you lose so so much if
you're someone who games even if you're
in borderless window your game will fill
the one monitor that you have I know
very few gamers in this generation sir
uh that are down with doing just one
thing so you're probably watching you
know Subway Surfers or whatever on your
side ramping up in hostility as we go
imagine I said sell me and now you're
threatening me if you don't get a one
creative speakers those look not great
wa it looks really sick at night time
that's actually really clean my latest
setup oh my gosh I love this is that an
actual car seat with an actual towel
over the butt just like people put in
their cars scrap wood for the
frame oh they did the same for their
computer though oh the customade wooden
Cable Management under the desk oh yeah
I very much enjoy the the handyman
aspects of this app I'll say that
controller Mount love the controller
mount with two screws into a piece of
wood oh my God I'm on their desktop
wallpaper is that Jay's it kind of looks
like but like a very young AI beautified
J got him after using laptops for about
20 years it's been so much fun building
a gaming PC and flushing out my setup
it's fleshing out but that's
okay this is just like an average setup
magic cards on Deck ready to go just in
case a challenger approaches at any time
they tried with cable management they
have like cable management sleeves the
power work hanging out of it not my
favorite thing but man of culture I love
the footrest I'm not a big fan of the
clear monitor holder yeah get another
monitor overall it's a good setup though
that being said your computer looks cool
oh yeah here we go oh no our next
section is we go lower welcome to r/
shitty Battle Stations yes have you
never been here you can't say you've
never been here I don't think I've ever
been there really I've absolutely been
there yeah
yeah oh no where is that cable coming
out of is that a
sprinkler oh gosh it is what am I
looking at I do appreciate that looking
at this setup they were like ah yes I
need the ergonomics of the screen being
higher um what are the pliers on the
ground for and the slippers you took
them off to take the photo and you
thought it fit the space better I don't
know been using this setup for years
that's not good go get some free
furniture you've got a $200 Bluetooth
speaker dude he's got like a $150 Mouse
we should do a whole series of videos on
budget allocation I would never shame
someone for not having money but I would
shame someone for not having a lot of
money and blowing all of it on a fancy
Bluetooth speaker when you don't even
have a desk get a free keyboard yeah get
a table you can put your knees under
yeah and you're doing fine just moved
into a new house see like this one at
least they were like I should be able to
put put my knees under the thing I give
a little bit of Grace to people that
have moved it takes a little while to
get set up and like you don't want to
buy temporary Furniture so you kind of
make what you have work they had raid
night it's gameing night with the boys
sure they were in the middle of moving
in and they were like crap it's an hour
until I got to be online I'm going to
throw something together I'm going to
use these saw horses I'm going to put
this here I'm going to do that blah blah
blah blah I am not liking this chair
situation though what chair situation
you'd be like sinking into this thing it
looks more like a hammock oh my God
okay I don't believe this photo this
looks staged cuz the house is super
clean yeah all the products are super
clean that's like a very solid small
form factor PC down there this looks
thoughtful enough that it might just not
be fake I think it's real but temporary
buddy reinforced the Box though if he
was just taking the picture he could
have just put out these little side
flaps to hold up the main flap but see
there's a second non lawnmower box
inside to keep it from buckling oh uh
there's do armrest on the left side
that's one of those things where like
it's not actually missing the arm it's
missing 3 seconds of work to put the arm
back on that mouse pad sucks get a
better one yeah LTC store.com yeah Home
garage setup oh the bong right there
front and center baby you went to
massive bong I went to feet yeah yeah
yeah that's the first thing I saw oh got
the gun 1911 probably Airsoft if it's
not store it properly please who are
these names that are crossed out now
Alicia oh
oh uh no notes keep sending it
oh do you see the second B whoa no I
didn't wow wait that's a laptop it
is dude it's just taped on that's crazy
tell me it's mounted more than that
there's no way I love that this is
permanent enough that they put an RGB
strip across the back of the monitor for
bias lighting I also love that they
clearly are okay with taping things to
back of their monitor but just dangled
that USB off behold my carpal tunnel
syndrome inducing setup wow reward
Yourself by getting a free table that
you can put your legs under literally
games like this and it's not like you
don't have the space it has to be a joke
it has to we need to do a better job
with things like promoting scrap red
Wars we got a better chair for free I
think this has potential I like the idea
of portable gaming setups yeah but you
really need to make it that your legs
have somewhere to go and that there is
more mousing area you're never too old
to be a
game it's kind of sick that's crazy I
don't think they're doing a ton of
gaming on the all-in-one Fujitsu
computer and that Mouse and that Mouse
space you have enough to go up and down
also I love that we can tell that you're
actually a boomer because you not only
have paper you got a printer someone in
the comments mentioning no IV bags
imagine dropping the mouse and it falls
down the stairs all right the last one
in r/ City Battle Stations it
belongs yeah I can't find a pattern with
you so I like janky ingenious Solutions
and this is a great way to have one of
those things this
just your knees are constantly shooing
against that drawer I would give them
the benefit of the doubt if the whole
thing had equivalent patina but like
this bottom shelf is almost pristine oh
yeah and this is disgusting is
disgusting so I think it's food and bod
things oh that's gross all right too
many fake ones we got to get back to
stuff that's you know maybe an actual
battle station and not just Karma
farming so these are people that weren't
confident enough to post on r/b stations
but do think that their setups are good
how many of these subreddits exist there
are there are too many of these sub what
are you talking about this is sick the
grass wall dude dude this is sick why
were you not confident on Battle
Stations this is probably one of the
cooler ones we've seen I quite like this
idea they just need to commit to the
plant wall and have other fake plants in
it as far as couple setups go I actually
really like the vibe here they even took
the time to like clearly tuck something
along the edge there Back to Basics
that's not a basic Mouse though Colton
you're here this is your mouse well it
looks like it yeah Basics my butt wow
you spent a lot of money on arms the mic
arm I totally understand the monitor one
I really don't feel like he got a lot of
height out of it I don't like the
texture of the paint but that's not
something I was just going to say uh
your paint job sucks who do you think
you are Colton is this Colton they
Colton's Mouse and got Colton's paint
quality leave me alone I was sent here
too ridiculous for average battle
stations not enough Nano leafes for
Battle
Stations I like it yep the curtains
could go oh gosh they can they ever bro
is that a handbrake on the right that's
crazy in general I actually I give you
respect I like this setup all right
apparently we're going back to actual r/
Battle Stations
oh dang look at the view out of this
place I mean you just doxed yourself but
like that is a beautiful clock too
that's a sick place to store that though
that's crazy assuming you're like
left-handed as well phase one more Decor
to come yeah please get more Decor this
Wall's pretty boring really good start
though you can see the vision the one
cable I just wrote that along the
monitor arm and I don't like that desk
pad I don't like the texture of it but I
also don't like that it's curling up at
the back left corner all right moving on
this person's asking how can I improve
my station I'm sure we'll have some
thoughts there's lots to like here and I
love this frog in the rocking chair this
is some of the most tasteful vinyl
figurin that I think I have ever seen
that's a fairly tall keyboard I would
get a wrist rest and I would get a
better mouse pad um other than that I
honestly think this is pretty sick oh
you just named yourself you should
delete this we did find something to
improve after
all Greenery oh cuz they used like the
flares on r/ Battle station yeah that's
cool that is
wow is that what is that one of those
Elgato that's the Elgato stream deck
plus I think got the a really cool place
to that that's great I could hang out in
this space Dual Purpose art SL acoustic
treatment super into that I thought that
was Markiplier for
a
hi I like the vibe I think the computer
space does nothing for me yeah why can
be mad that you don't have two monitors
there's nowhere to put it this is fine
it's also I think an ultra wide leave me
alone stop it that wasn't going to say
anything you literally just projected
bro holy took your advice uh-oh Whose
advice did you take you're automatically
going to win over David with The Last of
Us wallpaper I like it I'm a fan I wish
I I have the Thor's hammer from God of
War Ragnarok but I wish I had the ax
it's way cooler what's with this trend
of people having clocks under their
monitors that would be a nice way I
don't have to check my phone cuz if I
check my phone I'm going to have
messages and I have to reply and then
all of a sudden I'm outside of my game
whereas this I can just quickly look and
be back back gaming I like the the
storage situation you have on the top
left I think that's really cool this is
great very good Stu good job taking
whoever's advice you took jury still out
but man you can't deny that
view what view oh did they and I will
say again the PlayStation looks good I'm
tired of these boring people just being
like Oh the Xbox is black normal box is
the best looking console that's why no
one bought it I'm not saying that the
Xbox is better the PlayStation sucks ass
it looks horrible no it looks good you
didn't even notice it right away because
it fits so well in the setup yeah but
now it sticks out like a godamn sore
thumb nope looks great yeah it's pretty
tasteful honestly I don't feel like this
is the best use of the space though like
they've got all this extra space over
here on the left but everything's kind
of kind of crammed in here dude you have
an Overkill camera that's crazy Leica I
think you's got two leas I'm talking
about their webcam I like a you a
lot another sub genre is Ikea oh boy I
like this
this used to be a cool thing that
everyone did you put up the boxes for
your Hardware why you need two gpus I
don't know doesn't matter to me yeah I
like the peg board yeah I like the
controller holders over on the left what
is that I think that's the stand so
reflective third monitor uh yeah in
general sick yeah switch foot dude that
a signed that's pretty cool look at this
lens oh yeah who are you creeping on boy
100 to 400 I
think like we'll sign your record if you
stop taking photos of us there's like a
little bit of like you know just shove
that keyboard cable down the back there
a little bit more RGB free is a tag so
like no RGB is just having a laptop is
that cheating it probably has an RGB
keyboard so that's why it's closed
please please include me I'm pretty sure
I see a backlight on this
keyboard I could be wrong I I think it's
just the light ew are those overlapping
desk pads I think that's what that is am
I it just goes to show you left-handed
people can't be trusted Light Side
developer
setup I enjoy this just because you are
a rare Shiny Pikachu because all the
developers are into dark mode everything
I was just going to say I love the
strategically positioned chair so that
you can't see any of the cables by the
computer funny I was going to I thought
you were going to point out the garbage
can right in front of the plug nice yeah
that too you're one of those grown-up
people I've heard so much about like
this is the most responsible adult that
I will probably ever have any form of
interaction nice to meet you see you
later I like the desk pad oh not this is
that Bloody desk pad again I know who
wants felt desk pad ew I get it looks F
good but it feels awful or even if it
does feel good to you it's not the best
for tracking don't do that um custom
Loops oh custom Loops that's
exciting W what what's that I'm
overwhelmed Luke I love it it is not
what I want but you go and you go hard I
am a big fan of anything like kind of UV
glow looking and this is For Better or
For Worse kind of my vibe that mic is
not where that know also I'm not a huge
fan of the just like ugly random boxes
under it what is it game on the only
monitor that's eye Lev is the laptop is
this even for gaming or is this a
Hardcore Audio setup it might be a music
setup cuz they've got that keyboard they
have speakers like crazy and that's a
wall mount Case by the way that they
have not wall mounted icy cool with the
external
radiator no no no put your radiator
somewhere else to hide it six set up
pretty cool to have an external radi get
a second monitor please God this is such
a great computer that's beautiful got
the pre-bent metal tubes I actually
really dig those uh CPU runs the
traditional would be to do the the right
angles but I actually really like the
just like they look like make me think
of like lightning bolts like because
they also did both of them like I think
if they had one that was diagonal it
would look way out of place but they
were just like you know what I'm going
to do both of them like this finishing
this off here are some of Alex's
personal favorites
I live in a van and this is my battle
station the
puppy boy even though that's like pose
he's like I need people to know I play
the guitar yeah is it there when you
sleep like that's a night elf Mohawk
nerd he's not going to understand he
I've never played wow oh yeah oh for
sure and I think those are real plants
you think so they look too branchy to be
fake they might not be
alive my mom needed to use my computer
for her weekly book Club Zoom I don't
think I'm getting it back that's
sick that actually looks awesome I love
how you can clearly see little bro setup
in the mirror and he's he's just gameing
G hard like he is unfazed by the the
craziest Redstone setup ever don't
forget about the VR controllers for book
club are those pedals or are they just
footrests oh it's a flight Sim cuz look
they have flight stem sticks so it's
clearly like foot pedal to help with
steering and whatever maybe a bit
different than the norm here I like this
one I'm just a fan of people that have
their tools organized dude you got a Pog
perfectly organized garage I always
really enjoy it when people have like
the craft areas next to their computer
and this one is their computer is next
to their craft area it's like it's like
the inversion which is actually really
cool they clearly are like a Hands-On do
stuff and then okay I got time to game
oh the whole thing looks like it's on
Wheels oh yeah yeah paint your wall
though brother you put the work into
taping it and mudding it and sanding it
last land before I'm a dad I've actually
seen this one before this one's
wholesome I love the just like making it
work like this dude's most pad is just
like some picture from something these
people look like they could work here
yeah this looks like a fun time and even
just the idea of like the last land
party before having a kid I love it I'm
a big fan of this wholesome just like
this wholesome segue to our sponsor
throughout this whole video red Magic's
Nova gaming tablet didn't complain once
as we screen record reported locally
thanks to its Snapdragon 8 gen 3 leading
version as well as its 16 gigs of lpddr
5x Ram with a high resolution High
refresh rate display you can dominate
all your favorite mobile Arenas
especially if you get extra sweaty and
take advantage of the Native mouse and
keyboard support to get into the game
quickly there's fingerprint and facial
unlocking and dtsx Ultra audio with
vibration effects to add an extra layer
of immersion it has a 10,100 mAh battery
and comes with an 80 W fast charger and
you can check it out at the link down
below if you guys enjoyed this video May
me go check out the time that the staff
roasted the bosses did you participate
in that I was the writer so I watched it
is it funny it's very funny how bad do
you guys go after me your setups are
so average how dare you